doc about building ros2-galactic package with eclipse-2021-06 (#1717)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Building-ROS2-Package-with-eclipse-2021-06.rst

> Building ROS2-galactic Package with eclipse 2021-06 on ubuntu-20.04

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building ROS 2 Package with eclipse 2021-06
```

> You cannot create a ROS2 package with eclipse, you need to create it with commandline tools. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot create a ROS 2 package with eclipse, you need to create it with commandline tools. 
```

> Follow this https://docs.ros.org/en/galactic/Tutorials/Creating-Your-First-ROS2-Package.html tutorial.

Reviewer: This should be a relative link something like:

```suggestion
Follow the :ref:`Creating your first ROS 2 package tutorial <CreatePkg>`.
```

After you created your project, you can edit the source code and build it with eclipse.

We start eclipse and select a eclipse-workspace.

.. image:: images/eclipse_work_dir.png
   :target: images/eclipse_work_dir.png
   :alt: eclipse_work_dir
   

> We create a c++ project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We create a C++ project
```

.. image:: images/eclipse_create_c++_project.png
   :target: images/eclipse_create_c++_project.png
   :alt: eclipse_create_c++_project
   
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_project_select_type.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_project_select_type.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_project_select_type
   

> We see that we got c++ includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We see that we got C++ includes.
```

.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_project_includes.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_project_includes.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_project_includes
   
   

> We now import our ROS2 project. The code is still in the old place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now import our ROS 2 project. The code is still in the old place.
```

.. image:: images/eclipse_import_project.png
   :target: images/eclipse_import_project.png
   :alt: eclipse_import_project
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_import_filesystem.png
   :target: images/eclipse_import_filesystem.png
   :alt: eclipse_import_filesystem
   
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_import_select_my_package.png
   :target: images/eclipse_import_select_my_package.png
   :alt: eclipse_import_select_my_package
   
   
   

> We see in the source code that the c++ includes got resolved but not the ROS2 ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We see in the source code that the C++ includes got resolved but not the ROS 2 ones.
```

.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_wo_ros_includes.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_wo_ros_includes.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_wo_ros_includes
   
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_path_and_symbols.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_path_and_symbols.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_path_and_symbols
   
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_add_directory_path.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_add_directory_path.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_add_directory_path
   
   

> We now see that the ROS2 includes got resolved too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now see that the ROS 2 includes got resolved too.
```

.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_indexer_ok.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_indexer_ok.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_indexer_ok
   
   
Adding Builder colcon, so that we can build with right-click on project and "Build project".

.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_properties_builders.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_properties_builders.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_properties_builders
   
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_builder_main.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_builder_main.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_builder_main
   
   
With PYTHONPATH you can also build python projects.

.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_builder_env.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_builder_env.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_builder_env
   
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_properties_builders_with_colcon.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_properties_builders_with_colcon.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_properties_builders_with_colcon
   
   
Right-click on the project and select "Build Project"
   
.. image:: images/eclipse_c++_build_project_with_colcon.png
   :target: images/eclipse_c++_build_project_with_colcon.png
   :alt: eclipse_c++_build_project_with_colcon
   
   
   
   

   
   

>    

Reviewer: Remove all of this dead space at the end.

Author: Hi @clalancette ,

i commited all your contributions, also i added a title and TOC. In the Tutorials.rst file i added it to miscellaneous section, where my other tutorials are also.

Is everything fine, or do i have something forgotten

thx
flo
